The world will not be the same again. Looking realistically, until a vaccine is ready for you, which ideally will be ready in 12 to 18 months according to Dr. Fauci, head of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in the United States, your normal routine probably would not look the same for next couple of months. 

Social distancing, as mentioned countless times, is extremely vital to help contain the virus and flatten the curve. Even after Movement Control Order (MCO) is lifted, We may still see some subtle form of social distancing laws being enforced, potentially translate to no concert, no live sports event, no major gatherings for at least 1 to 2 years until a vaccine is available. People who lifestyle regularly involved around numerous other people, or constantly wanting to be surrounded by human being might find the news hard to swallow.

Impact of COVID-19 on mental health is huge as one [study](https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/fullarticle/2764584) shows. Being confined in an area for a long time will certainly increase emotional instability due to the sudden diversion from the usual lifestyle that you are used to. They are more reported cases of domestic abuse, and academics are also feared that the suicide rate will be on the rise. It could also affect a mentally stable person like you and me too, especially those that have a financial, relationship or various other problems due to the lockdown. So, instead of watching "The Cats Movie" for the 10th time while helplessly wept over things that happened,
you might want to use the opportunity to discover hidden talents or hobbies lying around your house.

"bread recipe", "cake recipe" "cooking tutorial" are some of the keywords that saw a spike during Movement Control Order (MCO), according to google trends. Boredom sometimes can force people to do things that they would not be imagining them doing before, and it'll spark a life-changing hobby along the way. Cooking is just the tip of the iceberg of the beneficial hobbies that you can pick up during the pandemic time. Other hobbies that are gaining considerable attraction include painting, reading, or it can even be assembling the old train set that you kept in the storeroom when you were a kid.

We are fighting a war, and it's not going to end soon. Maybe now is a good time for you to grab the dusty old book on your shelf and give it a try, all the while enjoying the rare sight of silent view of the street and the sparkling blue sky clear of dust where birds flew.

#StayHome

